JNL: Jump if Not Less
JNLE: Jump if Not Less or Equal
JNG: Jump if Not Greater
JNGE: Jump if Not Greater or Equal
JNE: Jump if Not Equal
JNZ: Jump if Not Zero
JGE: Jump if Greater or Equal
JG: Jump if Greater
JLE: Jump if Less or Equal
JL: Jump if Less
JE: Jump if Equal
JZ: Jump if Zero
JC: Jump if Carry
JNC: Jump if No Carry
JO: Jump if Overflow
JNO: Jump if No Overflow
JS: Jump if Sign
JNS: Jump if No Sign
JP: Jump if Parity
JNP: Jump if No Parity

B: The "Branch" instruction unconditionally transfers control to a specified target address.
BC: The "Branch Conditional" instruction transfers control to a specified target address if a specified condition is met.
BE: The "Branch on Equal" instruction transfers control to a specified target address if two operands are equal.
BNE: The "Branch on Not Equal" instruction transfers control to a specified target address if two operands are not equal.
BZ: The "Branch on Zero" instruction transfers control to a specified target address if a specified operand is zero.
BNZ: The "Branch on Not Zero" instruction transfers control to a specified target address if a specified operand is not zero.
BN: The "Branch on Negative" instruction transfers control to a specified target address if a specified operand is negative.
BP: The "Branch on Positive" instruction transfers control to a specified target address if a specified operand is positive.
BL: The "Branch on Less Than" instruction transfers control to a specified target address if the first operand is less than the second operand.
BGE: The "Branch on Greater Than or Equal" instruction transfers control to a specified target address if the first operand is greater than or equal to the second operand.
BAL (Branch and Link): Branches to a specified target address and stores the return address in a register.
BALR (Branch and Link Register): Branches to a target address specified in a register and stores the return address in another register.
BCTR (Branch on Count Register): Branches to a target address specified in the count register.
BXLE (Branch and Set Linkage Register): Branches to a target address and sets the linkage register to the return address.
BXH (Branch on Index High): Branches to a target address if the high-order bit of an index register is set.
BXLE (Branch on Index Low or Equal): Branches to a target address if the low-order bit of an index register is clear.
BXLA (Branch on Index Low and Adjust): Branches to a target address if the low-order bit of an index register is set and clears the bit.
BXHRL (Branch on Index High or Relative): Branches to a target address if the high-order bit of an index register is set, using a relative displacement.
